== Welcome to Rails Application

Rails is a web-application framework that includes everything needed to create
database-backed web applications according to the Model-View-Control pattern.

This pattern splits the view (also called the presentation) into "dumb"
templates that are primarily responsible for inserting pre-built data in between
HTML tags. The model contains the "smart" domain objects (such as Account,
Product, Person, Post) that holds all the business logic and knows how to
persist themselves to a database. The controller handles the incoming requests
(such as Save New Account, Update Product, Show Post) by manipulating the model
and directing data to the view.

== Getting started with the application

You can start this application by using rails server. Just type <tt>rails
server</tt> in the root directory of this application and it will fire up the
rails server.

But before that you need to make sure that you have created your databases
succesfully using <tt>rake db:migrate</tt>. The database tables are sample
tables as of now for CSEteachers, CSEsubjects and BtechCSE6th semester
timetable. Obviously you can create such tables for other branches and for other
semesters to make this working for others too.

Now open the location as specified by the prompt in your browser
and it will open up the site. It does not include any data in it which means you
have to create your own data. By this point you can explore various end points
and the code will help you in knowing more and more about the application. Keep
watching the code while I make this documentation better. 

== Description of Contents

The default directory structure of a generated Ruby on Rails application:

  |-- app
  |   |-- assets
  |   |   |-- images
  |   |   |-- javascripts
  |   |   `-- stylesheets
  |   |-- controllers
  |   |-- helpers
  |   |-- mailers
  |   |-- models
  |   `-- views
  |       `-- layouts
  |-- config
  |   |-- environments
  |   |-- initializers
  |   `-- locales
  |-- db
  |-- doc
  |-- lib
  |   |-- assets
  |   `-- tasks
  |-- log
  |-- public
  |-- script
  |-- test
  |   |-- fixtures
  |   |-- functional
  |   |-- integration
  |   |-- performance
  |   `-- unit
  |-- tmp
  |   `-- cache
  |       `-- assets
  `-- vendor
      |-- assets
      |   |-- javascripts
      |   `-- stylesheets
      `-- plugins

app
  Holds all the code that's specific to this particular application.

app/assets
  Contains subdirectories for images, stylesheets, and JavaScript files.

app/controllers
  Holds controllers that should be named like weblogs_controller.rb for
  automated URL mapping. All controllers should descend from
  ApplicationController which itself descends from ActionController::Base.

app/models
  Holds models that should be named like post.rb. Models descend from
  ActiveRecord::Base by default.

app/views
  Holds the template files for the view that should be named like
  weblogs/index.html.erb for the WeblogsController#index action. All views use
  eRuby syntax by default.

app/views/layouts
  Holds the template files for layouts to be used with views. This models the
  common header/footer method of wrapping views. In your views, define a layout
  using the <tt>layout :default</tt> and create a file named default.html.erb.
  Inside default.html.erb, call <% yield %> to render the view using this
  layout.

app/helpers
  Holds view helpers that should be named like weblogs_helper.rb. These are
  generated for you automatically when using generators for controllers.
  Helpers can be used to wrap functionality for your views into methods.

config
  Configuration files for the Rails environment, the routing map, the database,
  and other dependencies.

db
  Contains the database schema in schema.rb. db/migrate contains all the
  sequence of Migrations for your schema.

doc
  This directory is where your application documentation will be stored when
  generated using <tt>rake doc:app</tt>

lib
  Application specific libraries. Basically, any kind of custom code that
  doesn't belong under controllers, models, or helpers. This directory is in
  the load path.

public
  The directory available for the web server. Also contains the dispatchers and the
  default HTML files. This should be set as the DOCUMENT_ROOT of your web
  server.

script
  Helper scripts for automation and generation.

test
  Unit and functional tests along with fixtures. When using the rails generate
  command, template test files will be generated for you and placed in this
  directory.

vendor
  External libraries that the application depends on. Also includes the plugins
  subdirectory. If the app has frozen rails, those gems also go here, under
  vendor/rails/. This directory is in the load path.

== TODO

* Campus Map facility also needs to be included.
